1. UI Implementation: The Filter Bar (Refer to the Screenshot)
Create a horizontal filter bar at the top of the Dashboard with the following dropdowns (Select components):
Toutes les Villes (Filter by city).
Tous les Produits (Filter by specific product).
Tous les Livreurs (Filter by shipping company/driver).
Tous les Agents (Filter by confirmation staff).
Toutes les Sources (Filter by Facebook, TikTok, etc.).
Tous les Sites (Filter by Store/Boutique).
Campaign Source (Filter by UTM campaign).
Date Picker (Custom range).
Pack (Filter by product bundle).
Use Tailwind CSS to make it look clean and responsive (horizontal scroll on mobile).
2. Date Filtering Logic (Practical)
Implement a Date Presets menu with the following options:
Today (Aujourd'hui): Shows data from 00:00 to 23:59 of the current day.
Yesterday (Hier): Shows data for the previous 24 hours.
This Month: From the 1st of the current month to today.
Last Month: The entire previous month.
Personalized (Custom): User selects start and end date.
3. Product Performance Drill-down
When a user filters by 'Tous les Produits':
Confirmation Tracking: Calculate the confirmation rate for that specific product ONLY.
Delivery Tracking (Livraison): Calculate the delivery rate (Delivered / Confirmed) for that specific product.
Ad Spend Link: Sync with the ad_spend table to show the ROI of that specific product for the selected date range.
4. Backend & Database Sync (The Engine)
Update the Backend API to accept these filter parameters in the SQL queries.
Example: SELECT * FROM orders WHERE product_id = :p AND created_at BETWEEN :start AND :end.
Ensure all Charts (Sales Comparison & Status Pie Chart) update automatically in real-time as soon as any filter is changed.
If a filter is 'All' (Toutes), the query should ignore that specific filter.
5. Profitability formula update:
Profit must be calculated dynamically based on the filters:
Net Profit = (Price of 'Livré' orders) - (Cost of Goods) - (Shipping Fees) - (Ad Spend).
Instruction: Rewrite the Dashboard component and the backend Analytics controller to support this multi-filter logic. Make sure it is fast and uses efficient database indexing."